= RubyMotion Samples

This repository contains a collection of RubyMotion examples.

== Requirements

* RubyMotion 1.0 or greater (see http://www.rubymotion.com).

== Projects

Each one of the sub-directories in this repository is a genuine RubyMotion project that demonstrates one or more particular features of iOS.
The projects currently available are:

- Beers: Tabs Bar, Table View, Map View, Web View
- Fonts: Table View, Accessory View, Fonts
- Table: Table View, Gestures
- Hello: Custom View Drawing, Touches
- HelloGL: GLKit (OpenGL)
- Location: Table View, Core Location, Core Data
- Mustache: Images, Face Recognition, Gestures
- Paint: Custom View Drawing, Bezier Paths, Gestures, Audio Player
- PaintHTML: WebView, HTML5 backend
- StoryboardCustoms: Storyboard based view design, Transitions
- TicTacToe: Game Engine
- Timer: Timer, Label, Button
- Trollify: Images, Image Picker, Camera Roll, Action Sheet, Gestures
- Tweets: Table View, Custom Table View Cells, Grand Central Dispatch, JSON

Check their +README+ files to know more. Type +rake+ from there to build and try the sample in the simulator. You can find the full source code from their +app+ directory.

For instance, to try the +Tweets+ sample:

  $ cd Tweets
  $ rake

If you have a sample to contribute, please create a pull request!

== License

All samples are covered by the MIT license. Feel free to reuse the source code in your projects.

  Copyright (c) 2012 HipByte SPRL and Contributors

  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
  obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
  files (the “Software”), to deal in the Software without
  restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
  copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
  copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
  Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
  conditions:

  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
  included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
  EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
  OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
  NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
  HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
  WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
  FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
  OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. 
